give you a look at this intriguing
little device I bought this as a doc a
cradle a charging cradle for an ipad 2
which is bought for grandmas Christmas
present and I wanted to make it as easy
as possible for her to use hopefully to
do video conferencing via her TV and
this device really does fit the bill
quick look at the packaging it comes
with little pamphlet of instructions
also nice bonus here is a remote control
and infrared one give away from their
little black window at the front of the
device so yeah it comes packaged like
this and then you flip open this back to
support your iPad 2 and round the back
you have the all-important HDMI is a
analog audio line out which probably I
want you since ur this also supports the
sound anyway a 30-pin connector better
plug in your standard and Apple device
charging and data cable thing would you
care what else is there this USB this
serves a multitude of functions in
itself you can stick in a keyboard so
you can type or a camera it works as the
camera kit too so what a brilliant
device if it works well this button here
isn't a home screen button the HDMI all
this other stuff it works without
plugging in the power by that 30 pin
connector but if you do have that in
their charges at the same time and to
activate the charging click on this
button and then a red LED light flashes
here to let you know let's give it a
whirl shall we stick in the iPad it
works for iPhones as well look
switch is on bingo and it starts playing
as well immediately from where you left
off the sound you can hear is coming
through the hdmi and out the TV is not
coming out the ipad anymore and as you
can see it's a portrait cradle and the
display on the TV is also port rate and
if i flip it over to the side the TV
goes full screen and the display is no
longer shown here on the ipad now I
think that is only the case with video
that you go full screen on the TV and
not on the iPad itself because if you go
browsing Safari yeah its landscape and
then portrait on both it flips
simultaneously nice thing I notice them
didn't realize on my iPad well so you
can play videos inside the browser as
well it's not cool so the idea is to get
video conferencing full screen for
Grandma in the living room much easier
than get them to teach her how to use a
windows laptop yes to show you the
remote working suppose all right play
Thanks buffering again is it
not much use this remote but already as
a charging cradle with hdmi out and all
of course I've tried the the camera kit
thing and yeah it works you just plug in
a USB into your camera hey presto it
starts importing photographs and grandma
can upload it to me good stuff